Add README entry for creating custom DSL compilers (#921)
Shopify/tapioca: README.md

#### Writing custom DSL compilers

It is possible to create your own compilers for DSLs not supported by Tapioca out of the box.

Let's take for example this `Encryptable` module that uses the [`included` hook](https://ruby-doc.org/core-3.1.1/Module.html#method-i-included) to dynamically add a few methods to the classes that include it:

```rb
module Encryptable
  def self.included(base)
    base.extend(ClassMethods)
  end

  module ClassMethods
    def attr_encrypted(attr_name)
      encrypted_attributes << attr_name

      attr_accessor(attr_name)

      encrypted_attr_name = :"#{attr_name}_encrypted"

      define_method(encrypted_attr_name) do
        value = send(attr_name)
        encrypt(value)
      end

      define_method("#{encrypted_attr_name}=") do |value|
        send("#{attr_name}=", decrypt(value))
      end
    end

    def encrypted_attributes
      @encrypted_attributes ||= []
    end
  end

  private

  def encrypt(value)
    value.unpack("H*").first
  end

  def decrypt(value)
    [value].pack("H*")
  end

> end

Author: I'm going to keep it so the example is runnable and usable.

```

When `Encryptable` is included in a class like this one, it makes it possible to call `attr_encrypted` to define an attribute, its accessors and its encrypted accessors:

```rb
class CreditCard
  include Encryptable

  attr_encrypted :number
end
```

These accessors can then be used on the `CreditCard` instance without having to define them in the class:

```rb
# typed: true
# file: example.rb

card = CreditCard.new
card.number = "1234 5678 9012 3456"

p card.number             # => "1234 5678 9012 3456"
p card.number_encrypted   # => "31323334203536373820393031322033343536"

card.number_encrypted = "31323334203536373820393031322033343536"
p card.number             # => "1234 5678 9012 3456"
```

> Sadly, since these methods have been created through meta-programming, Sorbet can't see them and running type-checking will show a bunch of errors:

Reviewer: It might be good to explicitly mention the difference between static and runtime here:
```suggestion
Sadly, since these methods have been created dynamically at runtime, when our `attr_encryptable` method was run, there are no static traces of the `number`, `number=`, `number_encrypted`  and `number_encrypted=` methods. Since Sorbet does not run the Ruby code but analyses it statically, it can't see these methods and running type-checking will show a bunch of errors:
```

I remember when I started working on Sorbet, I was very confused about the static/runtime difference for some time, so I like making it explicit everywhere.

```shell
$ bundle exec srb tc

lib/example.rb:5: Method number= does not exist on CreditCard https://srb.help/7003
lib/example.rb:7: Method number does not exist on CreditCard https://srb.help/7003
lib/example.rb:8: Method number_encrypted does not exist on CreditCard https://srb.help/7003
lib/example.rb:10: Method number_encrypted= does not exist on CreditCard https://srb.help/7003
lib/example.rb:11: Method number does not exist on CreditCard https://srb.help/7003

Errors: 5
```

To solve this you will have to create your own DSL compiler able that understands the `Encryptable` DSL and can generate the RBI definitions representing the actual shape of `CreditCard` at runtime.

> To do so, create the new DSL compiler inside the `sorbet/tapioca/compilers` directory of your application with the following contents:

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to add this, but after we show the code. We can explain what the parts like `decorate` and `gather_constants` are doing in more detail.

```rb
module Tapioca
  module Compilers
    class Encryptable < Tapioca::Dsl::Compiler
      extend T::Sig

      ConstantType = type_member {{ fixed: T.class_of(Encryptable) }}

      sig { override.returns(T::Enumerable[Module]) }

>       def self.gather_constants

Reviewer: It is a class method now, it used to be an instance method in the past.

        # Collect all the classes that include Encryptable

>         ObjectSpace.each_object(Class).select { |c| c < ::Encryptable }

Reviewer: Can we change this to:
```suggestion
        all_classes.select { |c| c < ::Encryptable }
```
